[Music]
hey if you are doing traditional ab
exercises for a six-pack but you're
looking to get that irresistible
hourglass figure then you might want to
listen up a lot of ab workouts do the
opposite
they make you blocky and widen your
waist so here are some exercises to
cinch in that midsection Antonio belly
in just 5 minutes add a vaccum exercise
lie on your back with your knees bent
and your arms by your sides now take a
deep breath and exhale through your
mouth trying to press your stomach down
to your spine hold it for about five
seconds and then relax back into the
initial position if you have asthma
heart problems or any digestive issues
skip this exercise and start your
workout with the next one if everything
is alright on that front though then get
into position and let's do five reps
ready and go one hold it
and to three great job for one more and
five well done it's better to do this
exercise every morning on an empty
stomach if you start to feel any
discomfort at all just stop and don't
include this one in your training
routine there are plenty of others you
can do instead like forward bends stand
with your feet shoulder-width apart from
there bend forward and try to touch the
floor with your palms freeze in this
position for a second slowly come back
up and bend your body backwards putting
your hands on your lower back after that
you can return to the starting position
let's do this ten times starting now
then that's one now backwards good too
three four
keep going by
six
seven you're doing great eight
[Music]
and one more perfect if you feel your
lower back muscle stretching it's a good
sign this means you're doing everything
right and the exercise is working but if
you feel pain in your lower back this
one's definitely not for you but enough
chitchat take a deep breath and let's
keep chugging along
Russian twits sit down on the floor with
your knees bent lean back a little lift
your legs off the ground and cross them
at the ankles you can hold your arms out
in front of you or grab some weighted
object like a dumbbell medicine ball or
even just a bottle of water and grip it
above your stomach while balancing on
your bottom twist your torso to the left
stay in this position for two seconds
and twist your body to the right the
same way let's just do 10 for now but
you can always add reps as you get
better at the exercise ready and one two
there you go three four keep those legs
up five six seven engage your core
eight nine ten ten way to go Russian
twists really engage your obliques upper
and lower abs you'll feel the burn and
that's a good sign
all right on to crunches
lie in your back with your knees bent
and your hands behind your head lift
your shoulder blades off the floor
freeze for a second engaging your ab
muscles and lower your shoulders back
down the key here is to do this exercise
fast so let's try it lie on your back
and one
two three
[Music]
for
five
[Music]
six
seven
eight nine ten
you did it crunches are irreplaceable
for working your abdominal muscles and
slimming down your waist they can also
help you burn tons of calories and
actually improve your posture just make
sure to keep your neck relaxed to avoid
straining a muscle there
plank oh you didn't think I'd leave this
one out did you let's get into a push-up
position with our forearms on the floor
make sure your elbows are in line with
your shoulders keep that body straight
and try to hold a plank for the next 30
seconds eyes on the timer ad go planking
is perfect for strengthening your core
and working out all four muscle groups
in your stomach and that's exactly why
it can easily give a cinched in waist
and toned abs just don't forget to
engage your core and keep your body
parallel to the floor
come on almost done you'll feel some
burning in your shoulders and thighs to
plank really is a full-body workout in
one exercise three two one and done and
that's it for today do this workout
every single day and add reps as you
build up your strength and stamina
besides this short exercise routine
you'll want to make some other changes
as well if you're looking to get a flat
toned belly in no time
upgrade your diet first off add more
healthy fats to your menu they can keep
belly fat from building up and help you
lose an impressive amount of weight you
can find healthy fats in nuts seeds
salmon herring and even chocolate next
up make sure you consume enough fiber
rich foods like apples oats carrots
citrus fruits and green vegetables may
make you feel full for longer so no more
unhealthy snacks watch your sleep
schedule your sleeping habits do affect
your metabolism so you can either
improve it and lose weight or disrupt it
and gain a study from the University of
Leeds found that people who sleep for
six hours a night have larger wave lines
than those who get eight hours of sleep
apparently when you sleep less your
brain sends certain impulses that make
you crave more food during the day so be
sure to get your eight hours each and
every night get active this doesn't mean
you have to go jogging every morning try
to make small lifestyle changes at first
they will add up skip the elevator and
take the stairs do jumping jacks during
every commercial break when you're
watching TV if you have to sit at work
all day take a five minute break every
hour to walk around go for a walk during
your lunch break if you can't leave your
workplace that often you can always let
it all out on the weekends go hiking
ride a bike or do yoga just get moving
meditate surprisingly your mental health
is just as important for your figure as
regular exercises
whenever you get stressed your body
releases a hormone called cortisol which
activates the fat accumulation process
in your abdominal area and just like
that you end up with a big belly so next
time you start to feel anxious do a
couple of simple breathing exercises for
example inhale hold your breath exhale
and hold your breath again all for the
same periods of time this quick trick
will instantly calm down your mind and
relax your body
if breathing techniques aren't for you
try listening to soothing music take
care of yourself both physically and
emotionally and you'll look and feel
good on the inside and out do you know
any other tricks to achieve a slim toned
waist let me know if I left anything out
down in the comments don't forget to
give this video a like share it with
your friends and click subscribe to stay
on the bright side of life